New Project Handoff
For the agent starting a new, standalone project in the repository mayerspitz/test


  Project details come from the user in chat. This document covers only how to
  work: the isolation rules, documentation, the user's preferences, and the conventions.
  The user will give you the project's name, goal, requirements and first tasks directly.
  Where this document says <project-name> , use the name the user gives you.


0. What this is

You're starting a new project in an existing repository that is only its temporary home.
Other, unrelated projects live on other branches of this repo (for example a home audio
system on claude/upbeat-edison-2k76xq ). Ignore them and never touch them. This
project will one day become its own repository, so build it as if it already were one.


1. Isolation rules (non-negotiable)

1. Branch:
      Work only on the branch your session assigns you.
      Create it from origin/main , never from another claude/* branch: git fetch origin
      main && git checkout -b <your-branch> origin/main .
      Never merge into main , and open no pull request unless the user asks.
      Push only your own branch: git push -u origin <your-branch> .
2. One top-level folder: everything lives in <project-name>/ . Files go at the repo root
   only if a host strictly requires it (e.g. a render.yaml blueprint). Keep those minimal and
   pointing into your folder.
3. Nothing shared:
      No imports from, symlinks to, or copies of code in other folders or branches.
      Your folder has its own dependency manifest, lockfile, tests, docs and .gitignore .
4. Deployment:
      Create your own hosting services, named after the project.
      Never modify, redeploy or delete services of other projects (on Render: leave
      home-audio and home-audio-demo alone).
5. Secrets:
      Never commit passwords, tokens or keys. Put them in the host's environment
      variables.
      .env.example lists names only.
      If the user types a secret in chat, use it only in env settings, and redact it in any log
      you write.




                                     New Project Handoff · page 1 of 4
6. Easy to extract later: relative paths only, with no assumptions about the parent repo.
   Moving the folder to its own repo should need no code changes.


2. Folder layout to start with

 <project-name>/
   README.md              what it is, how to run and test it, live URLs
   CLAUDE.md              agent rules for this project (copy sections 1, 3 and 4 here)
   docs/
     PROJECT_CONTEXT.md   single source of truth (see section 3)
     OPEN_ITEMS.md        live to-do list and questions for the user, with status
     history/
       CONVERSATION_LOG.md every user message word for word (secrets redacted)
                            plus a one-line summary of each reply
       RESEARCH_NOTES.md    verified facts, with source links
   src/ ...   test/ ...   whatever the stack needs



3. Documentation discipline: the user wants nothing lost

  PROJECT_CONTEXT.md is read first by every agent and every resumed or compacted
  session. It holds:
     the user's working rules
     the user's environment and constraints
     the requirements
     a numbered decision log (date, decision, why, alternatives rejected)
     what's built, and where it runs (URLs, service IDs, env var names)
     what's verified and what isn't yet
     next steps
  When a decision, answer or fact changes, update PROJECT_CONTEXT.md and
  OPEN_ITEMS.md in the same commit. Add each new user message to
  history/CONVERSATION_LOG.md .
  Every open question goes in OPEN_ITEMS.md with a status (waiting / answered, and where
  the answer is recorded). The user follows up there later.
  Documents from other agents: if the user hands you one, don't trust it blindly.
     List where it contradicts what the user has said since.
     Confirm those points with the user before building on them or recording them as
     decisions.


4. How this user likes to work

  Don't ask what you can work out, or what they already told you.
     Derive answers from facts already given (e.g. compute distances from known
     dimensions).



                                   New Project Handoff · page 2 of 4
      Ask only questions that truly change the outcome.
      Batch and number them (P1, P2, ...), and say what each answer would change.
   As automatic as possible:
      One-line installs, and self-checks that explain problems in plain English.
      No manual dashboard steps for the user. If a host's API can't do something, find a
      workaround in code.
   Quality over convenience: off-the-shelf solutions are a plus, never at the cost of the
   end result.
   Finish, test, then report:
      Run the full test suite before every push.
      Try UIs in a real browser at phone size (Playwright with Chromium is preinstalled).
      Confirm deploys are live.
   Be honest about limits: say plainly what was verified and what wasn't (e.g. real
   hardware, or sites the sandbox can't reach).
   How to reply:
      Plain English. Lead with the outcome. Use short tables and lists.
      Before any purchase, give exact products, quantities, approximate prices and totals.
   The user uses Android but prefers web-based apps (mobile-first, installable to the
   home screen) unless told otherwise.
   Mid-task messages: the user often adds instructions while you're working. Fold them
   in without dropping the current work, and confirm in your reply that they were handled.


5. Repository and tooling conventions

   Commits: clear messages, ending with the attribution lines your session provides. No
   model names in commits, code or docs.
   Deploys:
      Render has worked well for this user, and the free plan is fine unless they say
      otherwise. Record in the docs that free services sleep and lose their disk on restart.
      Auto-deploy from your branch, with the start command inside your folder (e.g. cd
      <project-name> && npm start ).
      Check each deploy's status after pushing.
   Tests: one command (e.g. npm test ) runs everything. Keep the test count current in the
   README.
   Sandbox network: outbound HTTPS goes through a proxy, and some sites are blocked.
      Prefer primary sources (source code on GitHub, official docs).
      Cite them in RESEARCH_NOTES.md , and flag anything you couldn't confirm.


6. Moving to its own repository later

Only when the user says so:



                                    New Project Handoff · page 3 of 4
1. Create the new, empty repo (this needs the user's permission and access).
2. Split out the folder with its history: git subtree split --prefix=<project-name> -b
   <project-name>-export .
3. Push that branch to the new repo as main . Move any root-level host files (e.g.
   render.yaml ) into the new root and fix their paths.

4. Point the hosting service at the new repo and branch. Confirm it deploys, then update
   the URLs in PROJECT_CONTEXT.md .
5. Ask the user before deleting anything from the old repo.


7. First steps

1. Read the user's project details in chat.
2. Create your branch from origin/main , and scaffold the folder from section 2.
3. Fill in PROJECT_CONTEXT.md from the user's details, and log their first message.
4. Record open questions in OPEN_ITEMS.md . Ask the user only the ones that block you.
5. Build, test, commit, push, deploy, and report back.




                                     New Project Handoff · page 4 of 4
